---
layout: post
title: 11.01.15

---
<h3>m y . t h o u g h t s</h3>
The weather. Last weekend, and this weekend have both been pretty scary. I am not one to skip class. I took Aerobic Walking a few semesters ago. We were allowed 5 unexcused absences for that 9am class, and I never missed one. All we did was walk around campus or clark field, and I still showed up. Haha. Anywho, this past Friday. I had a very tough decision, and decided it was not in my best interest to attend class. There is a lot of shame and guilt in my belly, but I am okay. That's what matters. Yes. I ammend those who made it to class that day. You guys totally deserve the kudo points. If I still lived in West Campus, I woulda been stinking up that classroom with my wet socks, as well. 

Extreme weather considitions aside, this week we learned Regex (regular expression). Regex is is a sequence of characters that define a search pattern, mainly for use in pattern matching with strings, or string matching, i.e. "find and replace"-like operations. This is a really nifty tool and going over the examples in class was actually a lot of fun. They are basically like puzzles. I've used regex previously in my networks and security courses, but last Monday I learned some new tricks that would have made those past projects go a bit quicker. 

Besides that lecture, we had a guest speaker from Mutual Mobile. The same speaker will be coming to my iOS class this week to dicuss Apple Watch Apps, so that should be neat. 

<h3>t i p . o f . t h e . w e e k</h3>
Make a google calendar for yourself, and use it. Sync it to your phone, and push some notifications and reminders. I have not been on top of my schedule this past month. All of these projects and homeworks, test and quizzes, and interviews. It has been utterly impossible for me to remember all of these things. 
As I am writing this blog, I am setting up a google calendar for myself. Life is rough. Here is a a pro guide to using <a href="http://blog.mavenlink.com/7-ways-to-use-google-calendar-like-a-pro-2">Google Calendars</a>. *I love the layering multiple Calendar's thing! 
