---
layout: post
title: 09.06.15

---
<h3>m y . t h o u g h t s</h3>
I found the readings for this past Wednesday's class pretty interesting. The Seven Piece's of Advice for Computer Science students.
<br><b>1. Learn how to write before graduating.</b>
I am definitely finding this tip to be true. Many of my classmates have such terrible English. I am no exception, but at least I am aware of it? Writing is one of the most thought out ways of communicating our thoughts.
<br><b>2. Learn C before graduating.</b>
Yep. This one is definitely a good one. C can really be a powerful weapon and an evil enemy at the same time, but at the end of the day I feel more accomplished when my C program works compared to my Java program.
<br><b>3. Learn microeconomics before graduating.</b>
I am not toally sure about this one. I took microeconomics in high school and I do often refer to specializing task for the comparative advantage, but other than that I am not too sure what tip is about. Nothing else about microeconomics ever screams out to me. On a side note, I have been meaning to read Freakonomics.
<br><b>4. Don't blow off non-CS classes just because they're boring.</b>
I actually enjoy these every now and then. It is a good break from CS classes because they are either easier or they challenge a different part of our minds. 
<br><b>5. Take programming-intensive courses.</b>
True. During that one semester I had no classes that required I program, I felt lost and I felt like there was a possibility I would forget how to program.
<br><b>6. Stop worrying about all the jobs going to India.</b>
I wasn't worried about this until now.
<br><b>7. No matter what you do, get a good summer internship.</b>
I definitely should have tried harder the first couple of years. I was not active in the search of a job and internship, and now I kind of regret it.


<h3>t i p . o f . t h e . w e e k</h3>
This is a tip that was not listed in the advice above, but... PREP FOR INTERVIEWS!
I am struggling to prep myself for interviews. Time is running short. The fall semester means recruiting time, and I haven't really begun studying up until now. I found some neat coding sites that are good practice for interviews.
<a href="http://codingbat.com/">Coding Bat</a> and <a href="https://www.interviewcake.com/">Interview Cake</a> have been my go to resouces this past week, aside from the Cracking the Coding Interview book.
