---
layout: post
title: 08.30.15

---
<h3>t h o u g h t s</h3>
Finally! I am officially registered for CS 373: Software Engineering. During the Spring registration I had to wait list myself for this class. I was initially 48th on this waitlist. When add/drops opened up, during the summer, the furthest I moved on the queue was to 37 or something like that. I e-mailed the advisors and they did not tell me anything good. They told me to find another class because it did not look like I was going to get in at all, and that if I did not get enough hours I would not be able to graduate. Thank you advisors for telling me that, because I was not aware. It is a good thing I only take them lightly, otherwise I really wouldn’t be graduating.

Anywho, this class has already been more than what I expected. I have always heard great things about Professor Downing and the coursework, but now that I get to experience everything first hand. So far, I am not disappointed. Needless to say, it is only week one. The first thing the syllabus instructed us to do was create a private Github repository. Now I knew these existed previously, and I know a ridiculous number of students have this set up, but I did not get this done until now. I am really glad Professor Downing is forcing us to use Github and to personally learn how to manage our own repositories. Before this class I used Github to do group work in CS439, but I used someone else's repo and it didn’t really seem to benefit since we worked together on one computer anyways. 

I look forward to the project we will be working on further in the semester. During the summer I sat through presentations for this class and was instantly inspired to fix their flaws and to use their ideas. I am using this class and this project as my Connecting Experience for my Bridging Disciplines Program certificate. They want us to prove that we have skills for world of digital arts and media, and I think this will be the perfect way to showcase my technical and artistic abilities. 


<h3>t i p   o f   t h e   w e e k</h3>
If you haven't heard yet, starting in just two days <a href="http://arstechnica.co.uk/information-technology/2015/08/google-chrome-will-block-auto-playing-flash-ads-from-september-1/">Google Chrome will be blocking auto-playing Flash ads</a>.

We should keep in mind here that chrome is blocking Adobe Flash, specifically. This does not mean they are blocking all forms of auto-playing ads. 
I have read online that these ads will now be built in HTML5. The HTML5 ads will be virtually indistinguishable from Flash to the user, so this whole thing is probably more about the security flaws in Flash. As the article says "The move [is aiding a stop to] the spread of malware via malicious Flash ads. [Because] Flash has had a long history of security exploits".