---
layout: post
title: 10.04.15

---
<h3>m y . t h o u g h t s</h3>
First exam, it's this week! I am feeling nervous about it, but after reviewing a few topics I feel less stressed about the exam. I like the fact that downing makes us really pay attention in class and then gives us time to work with others to come up with our own versions of the exisiting functions in python or just giving us time to reflect on the content. 

This past week, he had us implement an iterable range function. It was a great challenge. I remember that last 5 minutes of Wednesdays class. I was so confused. I didn't even know where to begin. Actually I started with returning a list. Luckily some other poor student thought of the same bad idea as me. Downing told him that was wrong. I overhead it and scrapped that piece of paper before anyone saw it. After class, I thought about it some more and figured it out. By Friday I felt so accomplished, haha. It is a small thing to be proud of, but I enjoy the small moments like that in my classes. It makes me feel like I am actually learning and retaining the material, oppose to just being able to regurgitate it. 

<h3>t i p . o f . t h e . w e e k</h3>
I'm not sure if professor Downing ever showed us this in class, but I recently discovered the 'python' command in terminal. SO PERFECT! Instead of having to write to vim or opening sublime, you can run simple python scripts in the terminal! 

open terminal -> type 'python' + [enter] -> type in your desired line of good hit [enter] and it will give you what is returned! Oh, and then to exit you need to hit [ctrl]+[D]

This is useful for studying for the exam, to test what range returns, or map returns, etc. 
