---
layout: post
title: 10.25.15

---
<h3>m y . t h o u g h t s</h3>
I just realized. I somehow missed 2 weeks of blogging in a row. I guess it really reflects how busy i have felt, but I need to step up my game and be on top of this stuff. I will make some planning tips and ideas down below in the tip of the week. 

Anyhow. This past week was the turn in of Phase I of our project. What an exhilarating experience. Our Phase I was a hot mess. We officially changed the topic of our project 3 times. Finally we all landed on League of Legends, implemented our web application based off that and now we are sticking with it. Funny enough none of us play the game. There are 5 of us in the group, and no one actually plays the game. There are bits and pieces we all know about the game, but so far we have had to turn to outside sources to give us the details about champions, items, maps, and add-ons. Maybe this is a good thing though. All of us have a number of friends who can answer our questions about the in-game content, but how do we get people that don't play the game to help us make the website navigable and user friendly to anyone. Well that challenge is only in our hands now. For a UI/UX viewpoint it is good that we are unfamilar, that way in the creation of this we will have personal knowledge about how we think these entities are related versus how they are actually related. 


<h3>t i p . o f . t h e . w e e k</h3>
To stop missing blogs... I plan  on jotting down some notes and concepts on a sticky note which i will put into my agenda book. I will also need to start writing that I have a blog due every Sunday into my agenda book. 
Another tip of the week that my group and I have now learned: Don't just start a project early. Start a project early with the intention to be done with it early. We ambled along in the beginning of this project and ended up panicking twice because the API's we choose we not sufficient. The first one did not give us their key until too late in the game, and the second one had spotty, incomplete data. 


<h3>e x t r a . t i p . o f . t h e . w e e k</h3>
DON'T FLY THROUGH DALLAS (DFW)!! and DON'T FLY AMERICAN AIRLINES, unless you direly have to.

Don't fly through DFW, if you don't feel like getting stuck there. It is an airport, i feel like those giant departure/ arrivals signs should be everywhere! Especially next to the tram doors, when you are about to hop on and travel to the complete opposite side of the airport. (Issue #45)

Don't fly American Airlines, unless you can sleep through a roller coaster. These planes are so uncomfortable, and I don't find them to fly as smoothly as the many United flights I have taken. I could not sleep on either legs... and I sure hate layovers.