---
layout: post
title: 09.27.15

---
<h3>m y . t h o u g h t s</h3>
This past week was the CNS Career Fair. Professor downing gave us some great advice on Piazza about preparing for the Career Fair and didn't hold it against us if we felt the need to put off studying for quizzes (or skipping class) to prepare ourselves. 
The Tips:

. You should move heaven and earth to get an internship next summer.

. Even if you absolutely can't work next summer you should absolutely still go to the fair. Look around. Listen. Learn.

. Identify a handful of companies that you're interested in.

. Learn as much as you can about them from their website. The more you already know about them the more impressed they'll be with you.

. I don't know the logistics of the fair. If there's Wi-Fi and you're allowed to bring your laptop, do that and show off your GitHub repos.

. It would be best for your repos to show evidence of an issue tracker, acceptance tests, unit tests, coverage stats, and a Travis CI log. Then point those out, if they're not noticed. Show that you're serious about the process of software development.

. Exchange resumes with a friend and critique each other's resumes.

. Dress well. Smell good. Be enthusiastic about being there and about talking to whomever you're taking to. Be polite.

. Good luck.  


It is still interview season for me... and I am still working on this moving heavan and earth bullet. I felt like the Career Fair was much less organized this year. Every company I wanted to talk to had a huge line, so it was difficult for me to talk to everyone. :( On top of that I wasn't able to get in until 2:15 and I had waited for the bus since 12:45 that day. It was not a good experience. 

Other than that, I followed every other tip and was successful with the companies I did get around to. 

<h3>t i p . o f . t h e . w e e k</h3>
My tip for everyone this week is about talking to recruiters and getting an interview. When talking to them get straight to the point, by the end. Don't wait for them to extend an offer to interview with them. Ask te recruiter "Are you guys interviewing this week. If so, how can I get a slot". I am not totally sure if this is appropriate, but it seemed to work for me. 

Here is an article discussing the matter of "<a href="https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-get-an-interview-with-a-top-tier-tech-company">How do I get an interview with a top teir tech company</a>". Thanks Quora.

